Include instructions checking TLS routing is on or not (#19977)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/determinetls.mdx

> <Details title="How to tell if TLS Routing is Enabled" opened={false}>

Reviewer: I think we can remove the `Details` wrapper, since it could be helpful to confirm whether TLS Routing is enabled or not in all cases, and doesn't add much time.

> 

Reviewer: To prevent the user from leaving the page, I think it would be useful to add a one-sentence definition of TLS Routing here. This way, we can remove the link to the TLS Routing page later in these instructions.

Author: addressed

> <ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>

Reviewer: Is the only difference between the `ScopedBlock`s the address of the cluster? We might consider using a `Var` for the address and instructing the user to fill it in.

Reviewer 2: I think a Var is overkill for single use. I'm going to consolidate with a note to change the address as appropriate.

To get details of the Teleport Cluster you can invoke `/webapi/ping` path

> on the proxy service.  The `proxy.tls_routing_enabled` value provides if TLS routing is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the Teleport Proxy Service. The `proxy.tls_routing_enabled` value indicates if TLS Routing is enabled.
```

Reviewer 2: recreating in my edits since I'm making other changes to this line.

> Here's an example for the proxy on `https://teleport.example.com`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example for the Proxy Service instance on `https://teleport.example.com`:
```
